Update cloud-admin-guide.rst (#4336)
mattermost/docs: source/guides/cloud-admin-guide.rst

Cloud Administrator's Guide
============================

> In-depth documentation on deployment and administration of Mattermost Cloud workspaces. To administer Mattermost Cloud, you must be assigned the System Administrator role or have been promoted by a System Administrator to access the System Console. You can access the System Console from the Main Menu (next to your username) and selecting System Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In-depth documentation on deployment and administration of Mattermost Cloud workspaces. To manage Mattermost Cloud using the System Console, you must be assigned the *System Admin* role, or be promoted by a System Admin. Access the System Console from the **Main Menu** (next to your avatar) by selecting **System Console**.
```
